the taranto pays a first price
time in which he actually gave the
game at matera due to serious and
tracks defensive errors are not enough
second half played with the heart not
just the goal by clemente is back in
field after more than a month is calibrated exits
defeated by the xxi september stadium of
matera away prohibited to the fans
rossoblù curve north desarpa since not
there is the possibility of reaching out
to the matter of tarant posey for the
number of law enforcement officers present
also engaged in regional elections
in basilicata the taranto takes sides with
4 4 2 initially with menicoat
confirmed in the role of right back
the central defense pair is composed
from honey and fleas to the left is caiazzo
in the middle you see carloto also absent
long since after the crime
whips and migons on the outside while
the play maker and chatter in front of the
tandem composed of molinari and again il
first time he immediately sees the taranto
protagonist with a shot of molinari the
balloon is saved almost on the line
from cyan the result of 0 0
goes on until the 23rd when there is a
erroraccio defense too high
on the revival of bassini that cue
Marani strawberries at the edge of the area
comes out the desperate gets it wide but
on the miale crosses fortuitously
with his menicozzo teammate
will cause a bruised ragged wound
for eight stitches and all olive
only and always disturbed way
clumsy manages to put the ball in
network fund matera 1 taranto 0 il
goal has a negative effect on the head and
on the legs of the rossoblu they leave
constantly the initiative to the owners of
doubled white house
arrives on time at the thirty-seventh
the action is that many photocopies
other circumstances in which the taranto
immediately scored that way
kick placed by the trocar ball in
head area of ​​an opponent of
the very young
seventeen year old pine that mocks
marani matera 2 taranto 0 you go to
rest with this result is the taranto
enter the field in the second half without
menicozzo as we said to him come
applied at 8 points
suture in the leg for an operation
involuntary on the part of evil in the first
time at the goal of olivera al
his place plays vivacqua that takes sides
on the right a little later, it also enters the Clement
on the field instead of still and now the
taranto and 343 to the twentieth exactly
eight minutes after entering the field of
giampiero clemente just the latter
on the development of a free kick
to shorten the punishment distances
joke masterfully there is to say that
just before the third minute the taranto
had missed the goal with one
conclusion from outside the air of molinari la
detour of the matera bifulco goalkeeper
then on the tah reason of mignogna carloto
from good position sends the head
balloon of little high on the transverse
in the meantime, you could even try to
create chances but fails to
to undermine the careful rearguard of the
matera that stands behind and trusts
to restarts in one of these
pagliarini a giro engages severely
marani who relaxes succeeds
divert the ball into a corner kick
also enters balcheri hanche and fleas e
of the sultanate players with four
tips but still on the subject to do
dangerous with a Sorrentine shot
entered the field in the second half
marani is very good at opposing the first one
palo the taranto then protests in the final
for a foul of hands or allegedly such of
ex rossoblù came into the
second half in the penalty area on touch
of molinari the referee lets it continue
among the Rossoblu players' protests
five minutes of recovery are not
sufficient to calibrate to equalize and
therefore first defeat in the league for
mister papagni the third season for
the rossoblù who miss an opportunity to
approach the top of the ranking
it was quite a match anyway
fun from a competitive point of view
the taranto is wasted the opportunity that it
saw
from the psychological point of view and
then left room for matera with
these sensational defensive errors to the
which you can't end because
probably part of the DNA of
this team
from the beginning of the season